---
title: "Draft2"
bg: orange
color: white #text color
fa-icon: usd
style:  center
---

#### Scholarship 


Parents, check out the scholarship application form!

&nbsp;


<head>
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.5/jquery.mobile-1.4.5.min.css">
<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.11.3.min.js"></script>
<script src="http://code.jquery.com/mobile/1.4.5/jquery.mobile-1.4.5.min.js"></script>
</head>


<div data-role="page" id="pageone">
  <div data-role="header">
    <h1>Collapsible Sets</h1>
  </div>

  <div data-role="main" class="ui-content">
    <div data-role="collapsibleset">
      <div data-role="collapsible">
        <h3>Lunch Regulations</h3>
        <p>Science Discovery provides free lunchtime supervision from 12-1 pm for students taking an AM and PM camp at the same site (e.g., CU Main Campus, Science Learning Lab/East Campus, Sommers-Bausch Observatory/Main Campus, CCD). Please bring a bagged lunch.</p>
      </div>
      <div data-role="collapsible">
        <h3>Summer Camp Cancelation Policy</h3>
        <p>Cancellations made more than 15 business days prior to the start of the camp will incur a $35 administrative fee. NO refunds will be given for cancellations made within 15 business days of the start of the camp. In the event that a camp is cancelled by Science Discovery, registrants will receive a full refund.

Transfer requests made up to 15 days prior to the start of the camp will incur a $15 administrative fee. Transfer requests made within 15 business days will incur a $35 administrative fee.</p>
      </div>
      <div data-role="collapsible">
        <h3>Age Policy</h3>
        <p>Careful consideration is used to determine age levels for all camps. To provide the highest quality experience for all students, it is necessary to adhere to the specified age ranges. If it is revealed that a responsible party manipulated a child’s date of birth in order to get them into a camp that is not age-appropriate, the child will be cancelled out of the camp and the responsible party will held responsible for all cancellation fees.</p>
      </div>
      <div data-role="collapsible">
        <h3>Pick Up and Drop Off</h3>
        <p>Add content</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

 
</div> 


